guess what time it is how would US is it
this late hello it's Ruby and welcome to
vlogmas day 5 good morning amazing
people today Merry Christmas very Merry
Christmas
[Music]
you need to be is amazing
we're gonna have to hear that your
budget in this part
[Music]
so I have a deputy in New York and every
in Hong Kong who are sort of running it
when I'm not here
hey guys it's Jack just hijacking Ruby's
blog some very important people in that
book should not be blogging and I hope
you having a lovely day we are doing
something very secret and very exciting
Ruby's also doing some very secret very
exciting but it's just having a week and
so I'm just basically smoking on her cam
I'm sorry I wasted some of your memory
cards so Richard this really what have
you got other and some curry Jaden I
have got the exact same thing
say I'm carnie here with Lauren who is
actually danger period so no walk
experience really yeah I'm walking with
like she actually works I at the final
four times and she is 16
she's 16 she's doing a-levels and she
has a job that you like she's amazing
feel like Lauren company were just
casually like the CEO I know how did
that happen
hey we've got some really cool people
you want to meet them
can you say yeah sure that sounded like
a good idea I'm actually so amazed like
I did not expect we survived such an
incredible day I just can't believe that
we actually spent the whole day the
Financial Times or I can't run this one
and cheetahs waitress it comes to thank
Don Targa's and I'm a mess on your blog
that they like even in low light is this
the spot no I wish it was high 1 and g7x
community I don't have the funds but if
anyone watching the front now wants to
send me a g7 that that would be crazy if
that would be lifting
that's all I have to say well I have to
say that's all that's important right
now
so I'm currently here at London
Marylebone and I am I going home which
is so so exciting I am in fairness
coming back to London tomorrow we're a
very exciting event but I'm not going to
actually okay so it's an event with
training however I don't know what's
happening it's a surprise but I'm very
very excited to see what it is so
I may or may not be able to share it
with you so we'll see it's currently 8
plus 8 and I left Jade's 7 so it took me
an hour to get to my phone which is a
very long time I shouldn't have taken
that long but the Victoria Line was
closed there was an issue I think one of
the transbrake down near Kings Cross and
so it meant that none of the trains of
what were working so I got a cab to
Waterloo which was close by and then
they got the Bakerloo line all the way
which is annoying client paper calendar
but I'm now here on my trains at 2023
Oh am i meeting a bagel say bagel
factory is right there
that's I got the vegan mushroom
it's vintage olives
it's very tasty literally I cannot tell
you how amazing the final finds was
today
I'm actually supporting so one of the
people that we met was the CEO of and he
was just so friendly so down to our
we're talking about failure and success
and it was just such an honor to be able
to actually chat with him
okay you say like back home now it is so
since and of me I love coming home and
look who's that there's somebody that
has it's stitch and it's dad's tonight
I'm not look what that plane dantas
beginning okay - is beginning to do he's
doing a good job tell them where hey
kiddo
Oh yo yo got those got those don't want
to be flexing when you're married